README.md, before:

## about me:
i'm bruno, front end developer since 2018, currently working @ Conquer Business School (Brazil) as a next.js developer<br>contact: brrunm@gmail.com


## socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/bruunomiguel/) 

## tech stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Three js](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated info and formatting
Updated personal information and enhanced the tech stack section with proper formatting.

README.md, after:

## about me 🦇

I'm bruno, a developer with **7+ years of experience** building high-traffic web applications and scalable interfaces.

I work as a frontend-leaning full-stack developer, with strong experience in **React and Next.js**, and solid backend foundations to deliver end-to-end products.

I've led **international projects**, acting as the main technical point of contact and delivering multilingual websites for global audiences. I enjoy working closely with product, design, and business teams to turn complex requirements into simple, effective user experiences.


📫 Contact: **brrunm@gmail.com**

---

## 🌍 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bruunomiguel/)

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white)
